Hi, I'm Arjun Kunjilwar, a computer science major at the University of Texas at Austin. I have a passion for using code to realize creative ideas, especially those that facilitate productivity and education. That's why I love this field...you can go really far with only a really good idea and the ability to read some documentation!
MY FIRST WEBSITE	Using skills I learned from online Harvard CS50 courses in backend web and React development as well as my participation in the Freetail Hackers organization, I made my website! I hope to keep this timeline updated with new projects I take on.	Aug 2018
SHARINGXCHANGE	This summer, I became a software intern for a Bulgarian startup, SharingXchange, a company focused on expanding upon the sharing economy idea (that others like Uber and Airbnb have started) by offering home, ride, boat share all conveniently through one platform. I tested web features on the development website as well as identified various issues needing fixing, such as making async requests to the Google Maps API and fixing issues with Facebook’s OAuth.	July 2018
COLORFUL ESCAPE	Recently, I became interested in developing hypercasual mobile games because I find them addictive! Colorful Escape was a first step in this direction, being a simple brick breaker game with some twists like the balls changing color bricks rotating. This app was my first project using the iOS game engine, SpriteKit. The biggest takeaway from this project was learning about creating animations. I found it exciting how grouping and sequencing many simple animations together could create something seemingly complex.	July 2018
CONVERGENT	Convergent is an organization focused on bridging business and computer science to create new products. My team focused on building a chatbot that would answer questions about how to find university-specific resources. While I felt inexperienced compared to other members, I still found our weekly meetings extremely useful as I learned new skills like system design and tools like Twilio and AWS Lambda. I helped format our backend data into a text message response.	March 2018
FREETAIL HACKERS	Freetail Hackers is my university’s organization responsible for putting on annual hackathons. I joined as an organizer for the tech team, which is responsible for creating and maintaining the registration system for these hackathons. Through my involvement, I learned much about backend web development, including how requests are made, working with external APIs to send mass emails, and implementing security features like OAuth. I learned new tools and frameworks including Flask, Node JS, and Heroku. 	Feb 2018
DOUBLE & SUM	Double & Sum was a small number game I made over winter break that helps with learning the powers of two and how to quickly add them together mentally to get to a desired sum. I further explored new aspects of mobile development such as local storage as opposed to databases for storing high scores and whether levels were complete. In addition, I incorporated Google Mobile Ads into this project.	Jan 2018
TIMELINE	Timeline was my first mobile app, and through this project I found a passion for creating educational software. This visualization tool allows users to create color-coordinated timelines with interwoven background images in order to show history tells a continuous story. I built this app for both Android and iOS, using Native Java and Swift to code. I learned much about working with database storage and external APIs (for example, Google Palette to retrieve dominant colors from images) as well as considering all the factors that go into designing UI. 	Jan 2018
UT AUSTIN	I joined UT Austin in the fall 2017 semester, and I hope to graduate with a B.S. in computer Science and possibly enter a graduate program afterwards. While I’m here, I also want to explore other fields by obtaining minors/certificates in Applied Statistical Modeling, Business, and/or Creative Writing. Computer Science has so many different fields of application, so I hope some of these minors might give me inspiration for some new future ideas.	Fall 2017